app/public/wp-content/plugins/advanced-custom-fields/README.md, before:

# Advanced Custom Fields

Welcome to the official Advanced Custom Fields repository on GitHub. ACF is a WordPress plugin used to take full control of your edit screens & custom field data.

Looking for ACF version 4? Please use the [previous ACF repository](https://github.com/elliotcondon/acf).

Upgrading from ACF version 4? Please read our [Upgrading from v4 to v5 guide](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/upgrading-v4-v5/).

## Documentation

Do you need help getting started with ACF, or do you have questions about one of the ACF features? You can [search through our documentation here](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources). If you don't find the answers you're looking for, you can [submit a support ticket](https://support.advancedcustomfields.com/new-ticket/) or start a new forum thread in the [support forum](https://support.advancedcustomfields.com/).

## Support

This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core issues only. 
Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* Email based ticket system 
* Community forum

These channels can be accessed from our [support website](https://support.advancedcustomfields.com/).

## Contributing

If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with ACF core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please create a new github issue with as much information as possible.

Commit message:

feat: WordPress update and move configs to .env

app/public/wp-content/plugins/advanced-custom-fields/README.md, after:

# Advanced Custom Fields

Welcome to the official Advanced Custom Fields repository on GitHub. ACF is a WordPress plugin used to take full control of your edit screens & custom field data.

## Documentation

Do you need help getting started with ACF, or do you have questions about one of the ACF features? You can [search through our documentation here](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/). If you don't find the answers you're looking for, you can start a new forum thread in the [support forum](https://support.advancedcustomfields.com/) or contact our [support team](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/contact/)

If you've got feedback or a feature suggestion for ACF, please use our [feedback board](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/feedback/)

## Support

This repository is not suitable for support. Please don't use our issue tracker for support requests, but for core issues only. 
Support can take place in the appropriate channels:

* Community forum
* Email based ticket system 

These channels can be accessed from our [support website](https://support.advancedcustomfields.com/).

## Contributing

If you have a patch, or stumbled upon an issue with ACF core, you can contribute this back to the code. Please create a new github issue with as much information as possible, and a PR if appropriate.

## Translations

If you're looking to translate ACF, you can submit new PRO translations via a PR on this repo. Any strings from the free version are imported from [translate.wordpress.org](https://translate.wordpress.org/projects/wp-plugins/advanced-custom-fields/stable/). For more information, please view our [translation guide](https://www.advancedcustomfields.com/resources/how-to-help-translate-acf-into-other-languages/)
